Thank you so much for tuning in today. You're listening to The Daily, and I'm your host, Amy Karlin. I have been thinking about the difficulty of feeling like a misfit. I've always felt fairly competent doing things, either professionally or in school, but I often feel incompetent in social situations. I want to be kind. I want to say the right thing, and I want to be considerate of others, but I often feel like I fail in these efforts, even when I am actively trying to succeed. I say the wrong things. I worry that I come across as unkind or inconsiderate. I worry that I hurt the feelings of Heavenly Father's children, despite my best efforts. One thing that I have realized from these experiences is that I always want to be judged for my intentions, and I'm usually good at doing that for others. I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt if they do or say something that could be misinterpreted. I try to see their intentions and appreciate those. I try to understand them, and I'm always willing to give someone a second chance at a first impression. But in spite of these learning opportunities, it's still unpleasant to feel like a misfit. I have often especially felt I don't quite fit in at church. I've never felt competent enough, talented enough, or flawless enough. I will never be like the women I meet who float effortlessly from responsibility to responsibility. But church was never intended to be what social media has become—a platform to show off your perfect life. I don't go to church to boast or to brag. I don't go to church to fit in, to find my tribe, to spend time with friends, or even to socialize with neighbors. I go to church to take the sacrament and renew the covenants I made when I was baptized. I go to church to grow closer to Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ. When asked why he spent time with sinners, Jesus replied, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick. I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance. I also go to church to serve. I currently serve as the secretary for the children's organization in my congregation, and I have felt more fellowship, more love, and more like I fit in when serving than I ever have as a class member. When we don't fit in, we usually want someone to reach out to us, but we don't want to become their project. But I like to remember what President Gordon B. Hinckley's father told him when he felt discouraged as a young missionary, Forget yourself and go to work. I think more of us feel like misfits than we realize, and a simple helping hand can go a long way. As Elder Dieter F. Uchtdorf said in October 2013, If you could see into our hearts, you would probably find that you fit in better than you suppose. We need your unique talents and perspectives. None of us is perfect. We shouldn't expect it of ourselves or of others, but we can always try a little harder to be a little better. I hope that even when we feel alone or like misfits, especially in church, we can remember he who is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief, and that we can echo the Apostle Paul in saying, Lord, to whom shall we go? Thou hast the words of eternal life. Thank you again for listening today. The Daily is brought to you by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
