Thank you so much for tuning in today. You're listening to The Daily, and I'm your host, Amy Karlin. A lot of us think a lot of the time about what we can do to take better care of our bodies. We may have bad habits we want to break or simply new good habits we want to begin. But in our busy lives, it can be tricky to balance sleep, exercise, social activities, healthy eating, and mindfulness for mental health. I have struggled more often than not with getting enough sleep. There never seem to be enough hours in the day, and I usually end up getting to bed later than I meant to. I'm often tired, I sometimes wake up late, and I know I sleep in too much on holidays. Lately, I've had a scripture running through my mind that I memorized when I was a teenager. It says, Cease to sleep longer than is needful. Retire to thy bed early that ye may not be weary. Arise early that your bodies and your minds may be invigorated. I like that this verse shows a distinction between not being weary and being invigorated. I also heard a devotional address by Elder Garrett W. Gong at Brigham Young University last October. He said that the battle to get up in the morning is won or lost the night before. I was struck by his phrasing, too. When you allow your body to have enough sleep, you will have energy when it's time to work. And as Jesus said, we must work while it is day. It's important to remember that all of Heavenly Father's directions are for our good. He knows best how we can be healthy and happy. He cares so much for our health that he gave us a word of wisdom by revelation. He told us to avoid wine, alcohol, tobacco, coffee, tea, and other addictive substances. He told us what these things were made for and how they should be used instead. He told us that fruits, vegetables, and grains are good for us and that meat is as well, but that it should be used sparingly. I think it's interesting to notice that this word of wisdom is given for a principle with a promise and that it's adapted to the capacity of the weak and the weakest. Heavenly Father promises that if we keep the word of wisdom, we will have health, wisdom, knowledge, energy, and strength. Thank you again for listening today. The Daily is brought to you by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
