Thank you so much for tuning in today. You're listening to The Daily, and I'm your host, Amy Karlin. I've been thinking about truth today. There are lots of ways to pursue truth, and almost everyone wants to find the truth. There are several fields of study for what you want to learn truth about. Astronomy, biology, geology, genetics, chemistry, archaeology, physics. The list goes on and on. Science is continually discovering new truths, truths that sometimes supersede things we once believed. Once we thought the Earth was flat. Then we thought the Earth was the center of the universe. It turns out, we were never looking at the big picture. Humans also seek truth. We want to know who we are. We want to know where we come from and where we will go when we die. I would like to suggest that there is a sure way to recognize truth. As the prophet Moroni says in Moroni 10.5, by the power of the Holy Ghost, ye may know the truth of all things. Isn't that beautiful? The prophet Alma compared the truth of the Word of God to a small seed. He tells us to plant it in our hearts, to try the goodness of the seed. If it is a good seed, or if the word is truth, it will begin to grow in our hearts. We will understand more and our faith will get stronger. But we can't stop there. Everything after that is about faith, patience, diligence, and endurance. Alma doesn't say that once you've tested the Word of God, you'll immediately have a tree springing forth into eternal life. You try the Word and it will sprout. Once it sprouts, you have to tend it, nourish it, give it room to grow, give it time to grow. I plant tomatoes every year. I don't plant them and then let them fend for themselves. I prop them up when they're little. I shelter them in the wind until their roots are strong. I water them every day and I regularly fertilize them. Then once they're finally strong, they bear fruit. Like a garden, knowledge sometimes takes longer to develop than we want it to. But trees don't jump up overnight. Scientific discoveries don't happen in a day. They take hundreds or even thousands of years' worth of baby steps. Much of the time, we simply need to adjust our perspective and we need to be proud of our progress, no matter how small it might look to us. As Alma chapter 32 verse 43 says, Then, my brethren, and sisters, and ye children, and also all ye ends of the earth, ye shall reap the rewards of your faith, and your diligence, and patience, and longsuffering, waiting for the tree to bring forth fruit unto you. I want to try to be a little more patient, and I'd encourage you to do the same. You can read these scriptures on LDS.org in Alma chapter 32 and Moroni chapter 5. Thank you again for listening today. The Daily is brought to you by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
